<h1 style="margin-bottom: .1em;">Hello World</h1>
<div style="font-size: 0.9em; color: #666; margin-bottom: 0em;">August 1, 2024</div>

It's the middle of summer, 2 months into my internship away from [Desmond](http://desmond.mit.edu/) and the rest of my friends at MIT, and I've found myself with an abundance of time on my hands. Outside of work, I spend my days climbing, reading, cooking, and mindlessly scrolling through Twitter and Reels, but it's amazing how much time there is beyond that when I don't spend my evenings psetting or surrounded by my very energetic dormmates. One of the good thing about taking a break from the firehose of MIT and being on my own is that I can write down some thoughts. I hardly have any time for that during the semester. So, I made this blog.

I hope to post here, when I have time, about my life, technical notes on math, CS, and AI, and topics in philosophy, culture, tech, etc that I find interesting.

---

It's surely not the first time I've been bored alone, nor the first attempt at journaling down my thoughts, but I've never had a blog before. I'd always been reluctant to post writing for others to see because whenever I looked at my attempts or those of my peers, be it college essays or blog posts, I couldn't help but feel a bit of cringe. Somehow, writing from myself or others my age always seemed a bit mundane from either a lack of originality in substance or immaturity in style, especially when I compared it to my favorite essayists like Erik Hoel, Matthew Crawford, and Paul Graham, or to most other writers of past generations.

Indeed, it's *hard* to find truly unique and substantive things to say with the relatively small number of unique life moments, pieces of media consumed, and amount of technical experience that 18 year olds have. From those 3 rough categories of "things that inspire writing," we've all had the same trite self-reflections after our first year away from home, we've all read *The Great Gatsby* and *1984* and can relate it to modern issues, and we can all give our formulaic think pieces on whether or not AI will kill us all. To use the language of AI, young people's training sets share a lot of overlap, and are usually very limited compared to those of good writers (or other producers of media—after all, this applies not just to writing but to any form of creation from art to scientific research). 

On the other hand, this line of reasoning has been a major obstacle for me. Whenever I attempted to write or create something new, I'd think, "Someone's already done this before. What's the point?" I was too quick to dismiss ideas that weren't entirely original. But, over the course of the last few months, in perhaps a trite self-reflection of my own, I've started to accept that *this is perfectly fine*. Restricting myself to only pursuing ideas that are "truly original" just stops me from producing anything before I even begin. It's okay to write about things that have already been written about, do things that have already been done. 

When it comes to young writers, sharing one's pure ideas *is* worthwile and commendable, no matter if it's been done many times before or if the quality doesn't compare with the very best. Billions of people have seen the same sun on the horizon, but that doesn't mean I shouldn't snap a picture of my own when I find myself gazing at a beautiful sunset. It *will* be different from everyone else's, and more importantly, it'll be my own! So, taking such a mindset, I'll be writing more about things that've already been written about, with style that doesn't compare with that of great essayists, and I'll try not to mind too much.
